when I first saw the tile is trailer it
says submit I thought my self-help else
about as long as ryan right laughs
where's girlfriend yeah right here
you're looking at a 60 minute man daddy
whoo what's happening man sighs let's
get this reaction home to rules
everybody knows first one is don't go in
with anybody's have more to lose you do
what's the other room don't get caught
so easy to see him hahaha just want to
be able to carry you you want to see me
signed up my little brother and I am
trying to help you it is our way out
perfect it's good that be back trusting
you points for sixty-two thousand
dollars of my brother I feel good about
this
he's on to us boys
Thanks gonna kill us
I'm gonna get your money we just need a
little more time you got 48 hours we're
gonna go in there get the money and get
out of town we're in and out seven this
know about Robin just walk into tape to
stick upside rocket science split it
between us we're still gonna be waiting
it again don't stop the party up my town
boys
you
you die with them come with me
it's your call
this is for us
Thank You Man I'm for a happy hmm not
sure yeah not sure not sure what I think
about it ya mean I see ya alright so
post your comments down below let me
know what y'all thought I'm not sure
what I think looks ok to me I mean what
are these subscribers